ODFE documentation (#468)
wazuh/wazuh-ansible: README.md

            - "{{ hostvars.es3.private_ip }}"
        elasticsearch_discovery_nodes:
            - "{{ hostvars.es1.private_ip }}"
            - "{{ hostvars.es2.private_ip }}"
            - "{{ hostvars.es3.private_ip }}"
        kibana_node_name: node-6
        wazuh_api_credentials:
          - id: default
            url: https://{{ hostvars.manager.private_ip }}
            port: 55000
            user: foo
            password: bar
        instances:
          node1:
            name: node-1       # Important: must be equal to elasticsearch_node_name.
            ip: "{{ hostvars.es1.private_ip }}"   # When unzipping, the node will search for its node name folder to get the cert.
          node2:
            name: node-2
            ip: "{{ hostvars.es2.private_ip }}"
          node3:
            name: node-3
            ip: "{{ hostvars.es3.private_ip }}"
          node4:
            name: node-4
            ip: "{{ hostvars.manager.private_ip }}"
          node5:
            name: node-5
            ip: "{{ hostvars.worker.private_ip }}"
          node6:
            name: node-6
            ip: "{{ hostvars.kibana.private_ip }}"
```

### Inventory file

> The inventory file sets the public and private address of each node. The public addresses are used to gather facts and provision the instances while the private addresses are used for the cluster communications.

Reviewer: I'd change the `public IP` and `private IP` statements because they can also be a reference to the FQDN. Also, they can be the same in private environments.

Author: Fixed on 8990e2864d1e070dea74ef4e899ccac1e88d67dc

> The ssh credentials used by Ansible during the provision can be specified in this file too. Another option is including them directly on the playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SSH credentials used by Ansible during the provision can be specified in this file too. Another option is to include them directly in the playbook.
```

```ini
es1 ansible_host=<es1_ec2_public_ip> private_ip=<es1_ec2_private_ip> elasticsearch_node_name=node-1
es2 ansible_host=<es2_ec2_public_ip> private_ip=<es2_ec2_private_ip> elasticsearch_node_name=node-2
es3 ansible_host=<es3_ec2_public_ip> private_ip=<es3_ec2_private_ip> elasticsearch_node_name=node-3
kibana  ansible_host=<kibana_node_public_ip> private_ip=<kibana_ec2_private_ip>
manager ansible_host=<manager_node_public_ip> private_ip=<manager_ec2_private_ip>
worker  ansible_host=<worker_node_public_ip> private_ip=<worker_ec2_private_ip>

[odfe_cluster]
es1
es2
es3

[all:vars]
ansible_ssh_user=vagrant
ansible_ssh_private_key_file=/path/to/ssh/key.pem
ansible_ssh_extra_args='-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no'
```

> ### Launching playbook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Launching the playbook
```

Author: Fixed on 653eecca1b6b91d9a95f90af08d05f3df909e6a5

```bash
ansible-playbook wazuh-odfe-production-ready.yml -i inventory
```

> After the playbook execution, Wazuh UI should be reachable through `https://<kibana_host>:5601`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the playbook execution, the Wazuh UI should be reachable through `https://<kibana_host>:5601`
```

Author: Fixed on c265a6db4be4ad5a6ddffd3b7b767ad0c2a0a656

```yaml
---
# Single node
    - hosts: server
      become: yes
      become_user: root
      roles:
        - role: ../roles/opendistro/opendistro-elasticsearch
        - role: "../roles/wazuh/ansible-wazuh-manager"
        - role: "../roles/wazuh/ansible-filebeat-oss"
        - role: "../roles/opendistro/opendistro-kibana"
      vars:
        single_node: true
        minimum_master_nodes: 1
        elasticsearch_node_master: true
        elasticsearch_network_host: <your server host>  
        filebeat_node_name: node-1
        filebeat_output_elasticsearch_hosts: <your server host>
        ansible_ssh_user: vagrant
        ansible_ssh_private_key_file: /path/to/ssh/key.pem
        ansible_ssh_extra_args: '-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no'
        instances:
          node1:
            name: node-1       # Important: must be equal to elasticsearch_node_name.
            ip: <your server host>
```

### Inventory file

```ini
[server]
<your server host>

[all:vars]
ansible_ssh_user=vagrant
ansible_ssh_private_key_file=/path/to/ssh/key.pem
ansible_ssh_extra_args='-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no'
```

### Launching playbook

```bash
ansible-playbook wazuh-odfe-single.yml -i inventory
```

> After the playbook execution, Wazuh UI should be reachable through `https://<your server host>:5601`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the playbook execution, the Wazuh UI should be reachable through `https://<your server host>:5601`
```

Author: Fixed on c265a6db4be4ad5a6ddffd3b7b767ad0c2a0a656

## Branches

> * `master` branch on correspond to the last Wazuh-Ansible stable version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `master` branch corresponds to the latest Wazuh Ansible changes. It might be unstable.
```

Reviewer: Also, it'd be necessary to describe the release branches. (3.13, 4.0, and so)

Author: Fixed on 58eb10c6dc74a0a03fc3f5b30ce3eeb996ddd8e3
